Mr. Lu also asked Fang 11 to save my father's life
Fang Ruo gives you a chance to atone for your sins
You can let go of the past.
But I want to understand
I want to understand
Miss Xu, your father's illness has been cured
Will wake up soon
Later, I will prescribe a pair of medicine to fix the root and peiyuan
Just give your father three days. Okay.
Thank you Fang Chen Doctor
This is 1 million pillow towel you take
But I'll pick it up again.
I didn't get a penny for this visit.
Miss Xu should take it back
Fang Shiyi, how do you want my Xu family to thank you?
This is for Mr. Lu
It's Lao Jiu's pleasure.
Thank you, Mr. Lu
No, retire first
Retire first
Lu Ming didn't expect you to be the official Dragon King
Then why do you still go to the Li family as a pendant?
In fact, I have been engaged to the court for a long time
And his brother died in revenge for my divorce
I can't let him down
I didn't let you run away
Now any man with a little ability
Which one is not the red flag at home?
Bunting flags fluttering outside
Only your elm head
But thank you all the same. I'll take you out to dinner.
What is he doing here?